# data engineering homework

(sorry for making you do homework)


## Instructions

The intention of this assignment is that you spend no more than two hours on it.
It's meant to be used as a starting point for conversation about your approach,
what you would do if given further feature requests, and how you would test.

You are to create a simple data pipeline, from raw to structured. There is a sample
data file, `data.csv`, and a file that can be used to generate more data `generate_data.py`.
(See `python generate_data.py --help` for details on what the function can do.) Take
the file, and load its contents into a database. For this assignment we suggest using
SQLite, but that is not a requirement, just make sure that whatever you do is something
that is easy for someone else to run.

`python_generate_data.py` should run on all versions of Python later than and including 3.9.

## Requirements

[] Your process should support upserting additional data generated by `generate_data.py`.
Upsert based on the `id` column, where `dt` is greater than the previous `dt`.
It is not necessary to schedule or automate the uploading, though having an idea
about how you would do that might be something to talk about later. An example flow could be:

	python generate_data.py  # writes a new data file like data_1614272236.csv
	python your_loading_process.py --input data_1614272236.csv
	# data appears in the destination!

[] How to run your code on my machine should be easy and well documented.
(Hint: make sure you specify the version of Python and, if necessary, provide a pinned
set of Python dependencies through something like `requirements.txt` or `pyproject.toml`.)

[] Make sure your answer can bootstrap whatever data store (eg: SQLite) you are loading
into. This means that whatever code you provide back, should not include a database
file or something analogous.

[] Specify the destination schema and datatypes explicitly.

## Submitting

Send data-engineering@starry.com either a zipped version of your code, a link to Dropbox, Google
Drive, etc, an invite to a private Github/Gitlab/etc repo, or anything else that makes
it easy to review your work. Please submit within seven days, and note that the sooner
you get back to us, the sooner we can get back to you.

## Questions

Direct all questions, concerns and anything else to data-engineering@starry.com.